DOUBLY LINKED LISTS: PYTHON
Using the List
You finished your DoublyLinkedList class! Now we’re going to use that class to model a subway line. A doubly linked list is a great data structure to use to model a subway, as both have a first and last element, and are comprised of nodes (or stops) with links to the elements before and after them.

We will add to and remove stops from our subway line, and print it out to see what we’ve done. The .stringify_list() method is the same as the one from the LinkedList class and has been provided for you.

Instructions
1.
We’re going to model a (fictional) subway line that will travel from Central Park to the Brooklyn Bridge.

At the bottom of script.py, outside the DoublyLinkedList class, create a new DoublyLinkedList named subway.

Checkpoint 2 Passed

Hint
Make sure to scroll all the way down and create your new list outside of the class.

2.
The subway starts at Central Park and winds its way downtown. In the following order:

Add "Times Square" to the head of the list
Add "Grand Central" to the head of the list
Add "Central Park" to the head of the list
Then print the list.

Checkpoint 3 Passed

Hint
You can print the list by using .stringify_list():

print(some_list.stringify_list())
The output should look like:

Central Park
Grand Central
Times Square
Because "Central Park" was added to the head of the list most recently.

3.
The subway continues from Times Square down to the Brooklyn Bridge. In the following order:

Add "Penn Station" to the tail of the list
Add "Wall Street" to the tail of the list
Add "Brooklyn Bridge" to the tail of the list
Then print the list again.

Checkpoint 4 Passed

Hint
The output should now look like:

Central Park
Grand Central
Times Square
Penn Station
Wall Street
Brooklyn Bridge
4.
Oh no! There’s construction happening on the subway line: the Central Park and Brooklyn Bridge stops will temporarily be closed.

Remove them from your list without iterating through the entire list.

Then print the list again.

Checkpoint 5 Passed

Hint
Since these stops are the head and tail of your list, you can use your .remove_head() and .remove_tail() methods instead of iterating through the list using .remove_by_value().

5.
It turns out that the Times Square station is under construction as well. Remove it from the list, and then print the list for the last time.

Checkpoint 6 Passed

Hint
Remember to use your .remove_by_value() method.
