INTRODUCTION TO NUMPY
Betty's Bakery
Betty has always used her grandmother’s recipe book to make cookies, cakes, pancakes, and bread for her friends and family. She’s getting ready to open a business and will need to start buying all of her milk, eggs, sugar, flour, and butter in bulk.

Help Betty figure out how much she needs to buy using NumPy arrays describing her recipes.

If you get stuck during this project or would like to see an experienced developer work through it, click “Get Unstuck“ to see a project walkthrough video.

Tasks
10/10 Complete
Mark the tasks as complete by checking them off
Reading Recipes
1.
Start by importing NumPy as np.


Hint
import numpy as np
2.
All of Betty’s recipes call for milk, eggs, sugar, flour, and butter. For example, her cupcake recipe calls for:

Flour	Sugar	Eggs	Milk	Butter
2 cups	0.75 cups	2 eggs	1 cups	0.5 cups
Create a NumPy array that represents this data. Each element should be a number (i.e., 2 for “2 cups”). Save this array as cupcakes.


Stuck? Get a hint
3.
Betty’s assistant has compiled all of her recipes into a csv (comma-separated variable) file called recipes.csv. Load this file into a variable called recipes.


Hint
recipes = np.genfromtxt('recipes.csv',
                        delimiter=',')
4.
Display recipes using print.

Each row represents a different recipe. Each column represents a different ingredient.

Recipe	Cups of Flour	Cups of Sugar	Eggs	Cups of Milk	Cups of Butter
Cupcakes	…	…	…	…	…
Pancake	…	…	…	…	…
Cookie	…	…	…	…	…
Bread	…	…	…	…	…
5.
The 3rd column represents the number of eggs that each recipe needs.

Select all elements from the 3rd column and save them to the variable eggs.


Hint
Remember that columns are zero-indexed, so the 3rd column is selected with 2.

6.
Which recipes require exactly 1 egg? Use a logical statement to get True or False for each value of eggs.

7.
Betty is going to make 2 batches of cupcakes (1st row) and 1 batch of cookies (3rd row).

You already have a variable for cupcakes. Create a variable for cookies with the data from the 3rd row.


Hint
Remember that rows are zero-indexed, so the 3rd row is selected with 2.

8.
Get the number of ingredients for a double batch of cupcakes by using multiplication on cupcakes. Save your new variable to double_batch.

9.
Create a new variable called grocery_list by adding cookies and double_batch.

10.
Click here for a video walkthrough from our experts to help you check your work!
